you have no idea how it feels not to be
trusted
you've got to trust me to Chloe how can
you trust someone who thinks you're
crazy you have a brilliant mind
all that education but you can't
remember an umbrella
about being in here mr. nation doctor my
hospital dog is dead you killed that's
no way what's the first thing you
remember
there was a girl this is a girl that I
saw this is the girl it's impossible and
she died four years ago that girl came
to me and she has a very specific agenda
already was that something is really
happening to me look I understand you're
upset I'm here to help you but you have
to trust me
you can't trust somebody when they think
you're crazy
are you scared
you should